Hello comrades.
In the USSR, we do not need any apples,
huavei and anything.
Most people do not need a mobile phone at all.
What to talk to them about?
And for trusted comrades, we have TAI - 43.
The phone case is made of nano-ultra-hardstrong- USSR plastic,
he will never bend from the fact that you sit on him,
not from the fact that it will pass on the tank,
does not burn, maintains a shot from AK-47.
Have a charge?
Have a power outlet?
We do not ask these questions.
We have a pen.
Look not this gorgeous, soft, leather strap.
It feels like the skin is still warm spy.
There are only 2 buttons on the phone:
call button and call hold.
And that's all.
Soviet engineers thought out the functionality of the device to the smallest detail.
The potential for torture is enormous.
You can beat your teeth with a pipe, break your fingers, chop up the kneecaps.
Hook up two wires to it
and it will be a wonderful 24 volt lie detector.
One posture diver in the ear,
another under the tongue.
And after 5 minutes you already know the location of the enemy forces.
The manufacturer has taken care of the health of the user.
The phone can be used as a high chair,
we don't have to sit in the cold snow
and we are fine with the erectile function.